Bagging
	Observation :	We observe that as the number of classifiers increase, the overall accuracy increases.
					Also, the validation and test accuracy seem to remain almost same after 5 classifiers.
					It seems as if the validation and test accuracy saturates after 5 classifiers. 

					Below is the accuracy achieved at 20 classifiers 
				 	Training Accuracy 	- 91% (approx)
				 	Validation accuracy - 78% (approx)
				 	Test Accuracy 		- 76% (approx)

	Nature  	: 	The nature of the plot is increasing (with increasing number of classifiers). 
					We can see that initially there is a substantial increase in the in accuracy (all) which can 
					be seen to almost saturate (the rate of increase is less) after 20 classifiers. Theoretically after 
					substantial classifiers an ensemble will eventually archieve training accuracy of 100% on the dataset.  

Boosting
	Observation :	We observe that as the number of classifiers increase, the overall accuracy increases.
					The training accuracy has reached 100% and the validation and test accuracy remain almost the same (around 75%).
					It seems as if the validation and test accuracy remain almost same right from the beginning (75% --> 76%) 
					(Keeping the ratio Sample Data / Training Data = 1.5)

					Below is the accuracy achieved at 20 classifiers 
				 	Training Accuracy 	- 100% (approx)
				 	Validation accuracy - 76% (approx)
				 	Test Accuracy 		- 76% (approx)

	Nature  	: 	The nature of the plot is increasing (with increasing number of classifiers). 
					We can see that initially there is a substantial increase in the in training accuracy.  
					Theoretically after substantial classifiers an ensemble will eventually archieve training 
					accuracy of 100% on the dataset. This can be seen in the graph. 


Question 1 
	The training accuracies can be seen to be very high (91% for bagging and 100% for boosting). From a comparative point of view, we can say that 
	Boosting performs better on training data than Bagging. This is because boostin it will over-fit the training data by accounting for
	every missclassified point in the training set. This is done by increasing the weight of the missclassified point so that the next model
	account for that point correclty. This improves its performance on the training data. Theoretically, after substantial 
	time the training accuracy for an ensemble will eventually reach 100%. However in the case of performance on test/validation there’s 
	not an outright winner; it depends on the data, the simulation and the circumstances.

	If the problem is that the single model gets a very low performance, Bagging will rarely get a better bias. However, Boosting could generate a 
	combined model with lower errors as it optimises the advantages and reduces pitfalls of the single modelBy contrast, if the difficulty 
	of the single model is over-fitting, then Bagging is the best option.

Question 2 - An ensemble combining perceptrons with weighted majority cannot be represented as an equivalent single perceptron.
	The above statement is true. Ensemble learining is generally used to train multiple models and then average (weighted or regular)
	of the outputs of each model. This helps to improve the overall accuracy by incorporating flexibility in the functions they can represent. 
	This flexibility can, in theory, enable them to account the training data more than a single model.

	Let us consider the case when we have "+" inside a circle "-" outside it. Using a single perceptron (line) we will always get an accuracy
	of around 50% on this data as each classification will be random. Let us say we use 4 such weak learners which form a square 
	surrounding this circle. Each of this perceptron will pridict "+" correctly as a point inside the square (circle to be exact). 
	Let us say this prediction has a value of 4K (4 votes) . If we similarly have a "-" point, the prediction value will be either 0 (2,2 votes) 
	or 2K (1, 3 votes). This hence, we will output the sign of (prediction - 2.5K) as the output of ensemble. Using this we can expect a high 
	accuracy on this dataset. Such output cannot be expected in case of a single perceptron. 

	Hence we can conclude saying that a single perceptron is not equivalent to ensemble combining weighted majority. 

